doc/ct_lint-and-install.md, before:

## ct lint-and-install

Lint, install, and test a chart

### Synopsis

Combines 'lint' and 'install' commands.

```
ct lint-and-install [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --all                        Process all charts except those explicitly excluded.
                                   Disables changed charts detection and version increment checking
      --build-id string            An optional, arbitrary identifier that is added to the name of the namespace a
                                   chart is installed into. In a CI environment, this could be the build number or
                                   the ID of a pull request. If not specified, the name of the chart is used.
      --chart-dirs strings         Directories containing Helm charts (default [charts])
      --chart-repos strings        Additional chart repos to add so dependencies can be resolved
      --chart-yaml-schema string   The schema for chart.yml validation. If not specified, 'chart_schema.yaml'
                                   is searched in '/etc/ct', '$HOME/ct', and the current directory
      --charts strings             Specific charts to test.
                                   Disables changed charts detection and version increment checking
      --check-version-increment    Activates a check for chart version increments (default: true) (default true)
      --config string              Config file
      --excluded-charts strings    Charts that should be skipped
  -h, --help                       help for lint-and-install
      --lint-conf string           The config file for YAML linting. If not specified, 'lintconf.yaml' is
                                   searched in '/etc/ct', '$HOME/ct', and the current directory
      --remote string              The name of the Git remote used to identify changed charts (default "origin")
      --target-branch string       The name of the target branch used to identify changed charts (default "master")
      --tiller-namespace string    The namespace of Tiller (default: kube-system) (default "kube-system")
      --timeout duration           The timeout for Helm in seconds (default: 5m) (default 5m0s)
      --validate-maintainers       Enabled validation of maintainer account names in chart.yml (default: true).
                                   Works for GitHub, GitLab, and Bitbucket (default true)
```

### SEE ALSO

* [ct](ct.md)	 - The Helm chart testing tool

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 30-Oct-2018

Commit message:

Add support for Helm extra args
Signed-off-by: Reinhard Nägele <unguiculus@gmail.com>

doc/ct_lint-and-install.md, after:

## ct lint-and-install

Lint, install, and test a chart

### Synopsis

Combines 'lint' and 'install' commands.

```
ct lint-and-install [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --all                        Process all charts except those explicitly excluded.
                                   Disables changed charts detection and version increment checking
      --build-id string            An optional, arbitrary identifier that is added to the name of the namespace a
                                   chart is installed into. In a CI environment, this could be the build number or
                                   the ID of a pull request. If not specified, the name of the chart is used
      --chart-dirs strings         Directories containing Helm charts. May be specified multiple times
                                   or separate values with commas (default [charts])
      --chart-repos strings        Additional chart repos to add so dependencies can be resolved. May be
                                   specified multiple times or separate values with commas
      --chart-yaml-schema string   The schema for chart.yml validation. If not specified, 'chart_schema.yaml'
                                   is searched in '/etc/ct', '$HOME/ct', and the current directory
      --charts strings             Specific charts to test. Disables changed charts detection and
                                   version increment checking. May be specified multiple times
                                   or separate values with commas
      --check-version-increment    Activates a check for chart version increments (default: true) (default true)
      --config string              Config file
      --excluded-charts strings    Charts that should be skipped. May be specified multiple times
                                   or separate values with commas
      --helm-extra-args string     Additional arguments for Helm. Must be passed as a single quoted string
                                   (e. g. "--timeout 500 --tiller-namespace tiller"
  -h, --help                       help for lint-and-install
      --lint-conf string           The config file for YAML linting. If not specified, 'lintconf.yaml' is
                                   searched in '/etc/ct', '$HOME/ct', and the current directory
      --remote string              The name of the Git remote used to identify changed charts (default "origin")
      --target-branch string       The name of the target branch used to identify changed charts (default "master")
      --validate-maintainers       Enabled validation of maintainer account names in chart.yml (default: true).
                                   Works for GitHub, GitLab, and Bitbucket (default true)
```

### SEE ALSO

* [ct](ct.md)	 - The Helm chart testing tool

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 5-Nov-2018
